The Joe Rogan experience. So how do you, how do.
You feel about all those? So you weirded out like, no,
I haven't been here since COVID right. Um.
Yeah, we were, uh, the last time it was, it was before then,
just before then it started to settle in. Um,
and then I traveled last was, uh, mid February.
I was in New York city and it was starting to,
people were starting to be aware and they were talking about it a little bit,
but there were really no changes in behavior. Um, and then it,
then it really hit and everybody went into to hurry lockdown and, and I,
you know, the good thing is pandemics don't last, right?
So we're going to get past this. This is not like the zombie apocalypse.
So I'm not one of those people that, you know, as hiding in my bunker,
even though I liked my bunker. Um, but.
Kind of bunker your gut, that good bunker. I bet you do. Yeah,
but you have a real one, right? I, I, I mean.
It looks like a submarine Periscope. It comes up,
looks around the compound.
Yeah. We use it for, uh, for a variety of reasons. Well, it it's it's, I,
I just not, I'm not, I mean, I'm, I'm worried because it's, it's, uh,
it's serious and of course it's tragic to lose anybody and, and, you know,
we've lost over 150,000 people, but you also got to keep this in context, right?
I mean, we've had pandemics before pandemic just means it crossed international
boundaries. So there's, there's an element here.
The two things can be true. You can believe the science,
which of course you should do. You know,
you should pay attention to statistics and data and do the best things you can
do, but you can also look at it and go, what kind of,
because part of this problem is the coverage of it because
of political reasons and not to jump right into the political thing. But, um,
you know, I can't help,
but think that we wouldn't have quite as much confusion and we wouldn't
have quite as much, uh, um, you know,
the axed that people are feeling if, um,
if it weren't for those sort of the,
the visceral hatred that exists out there on some sectors for the president.
And again, I don't have a dog in the hunt,
but I have a feeling like the tone of coverage will change in November if Biden
wins, right. And not the science doesn't change. Right.
It's still the same virus,
but I just have a feeling that we'll see a tone change. Um,
suddenly it will be a little bit more about if Biden wins.
It will be more about what, yeah. Let's, you know,
let's look on the bright side, let's get this coverage, you know, sorted out,
let's get the country working, let's do these things. And you know, again,
you can believe both things. You can believe that we're because of the politics.
And you can also believe the science.
Okay. My friend got, uh, tested,
turned up positive and the doctor asked him what his political leanings are.
And he said why? And he said, well, I really believe in hydroxy chloroquine,
but a lot of people who are Democrats who don't like,
the president don't want to use it. I'm like, that is hilarious. And he goes,
hydroxy chloroquine. When used correctly, he said,
particularly in the early stages of the virus seems to be very effective.
Now there's all these people that are coming out and saying, it's not,
there's always people that are coming out.
And I talked to my doctor about it and I said, well,
why do you think that it's it's because the doctor that I use currently,
he recommends it for people that are high risk as a prophylactic.
That's the way Trump is supposedly taking it. And he's like, it's actually,
there's a study that shows that it's very effective.
A study from Italy that shows it's very effective as a prophylactic.
And he says also, when you, when you get it, um,
you get the catch the virus and then you can get it quickly.
So if you can get hydroxychloroquine and you quickly, but, you know, look,
I'm a moron. I don't know who the to believe. So I read all this. I'm like,
well, do I believe the doctor,
do I believe all these other doctors that say it's?
Do I believe that whole team of doctors, by the way,
Andrew Schultz has a hilarious video on hydrochloric. And like, what is it?
He did one of those Instagram videos. So go check that out. Um,
but it's, it's one of those things where it's like,
I wish the president didn't talk about it.
Cause then we would know what the it is. Is it good? Is it bad? I mean,
are people really not taking it?
Just because the president is the one who endorsed it, like that is so.
Different. Yeah. I don't think there's any doubt about that. Right? I mean,
there's some, it's it? Yeah. And people don't know to your point.
People don't know what to believe. Right. And it's, it's one thing. If,
if you know the reporting, uh, or the, the, uh,
dissemination of information is partisan during normal times,
but you're talking about a public health crisis and you would think we'd set all
of that aside. I mean, if we can't come together as a country,
during a public health crisis, what the hell is wrong, but, and it's both sides.
Both sides are tossing hand grenades at each other.
So it's not just one side or the other.
I'm going to send Jamie this right now. Cause this is from Newsweek.
This is why it's really confusing. This is from Newsweek.
And this is from a professor of epidemiology
from, I believe from yeah, from Yale school of public health,
Yale. And he says the key to defeating, COVID-19 already exists.
We need to start using it.
And he's recommending hydroxy chloroquine pull up.
Yeah, yeah. Look at this. Like, this is a real problem. This is a real doctor,
a professor of epidemiology. Like what the?
Yeah, no. I mean, and, and you see,
you see some folks coming out at some doctors coming out and saying, well,
it doesn't, it doesn't work in, in, in patients.
And then it turns out you read further into the story and it doesn't work on
patients who are already seriously ill. Yes. Right. That's what they're saying.
Right. And so, but you have to,
the problem is nobody makes it past the headlines for the most part. Right.
And more and more people are getting their information from Facebook, you know,
uh, user groups and nobody reads down and, and, and you know,
to be fair, media outlets know that. So they'll bury the,
the contradictory information, you know, the,
in the 20th paragraph or something,
because they know no one's going to venture down down there.
Everybody looks at the headlines because they'll see that that convinces me, uh,
or supports my theory. Um, but yeah,
I look at this and we've been doing everything you can do. We've been, you know,
wearing masks, you know,
I don't see what the is about the masks wear a mask when you're out in
public.
You get used to it. Yeah. It's better. Bandanas are way better.
You can breathe it out them.
Better. Yeah. Yeah. Plus it just looks good. Yeah. You feel like a basket. Yeah.
If got your horse waiting outside.
Do you know that whole video where there's a bunch of doctors that keeps getting
removed from YouTube, Facebook with a bunch of doctors talking about hydroxy,
chloroquine and Z packs and zinc, everybody's like,
you need to listen to this lady.
Then it turns out the lady believes that the cause of impotence is spirits
and she thinks there's alien DNA in vaccines. Is that,
what is that what she said? Yeah. It's a little odd. Yeah.
He's completely off the reservation. Oh, you're not supposed to say that. Right.
I think you're not supposed to say off the reservation. Well,
it's offensive to him.
It. Yeah. Okay. Hold on. Let me make a note of that.
That one I didn't have on my list of what's offensive.
Native American lady. Okay. Not supposed to say that one. Oh,
she's off the chain. I think you could say that might be offensive to dogs,
but off the chain is good. Right? It's not crazy. I need a new, crazy term.
What's a, non-offensive crazy term. It's not, well,
I shouldn't say not gonna offend anybody because there's no such thing.
Anymore. nuts. How about that? We.
Just go with that. She's.
A doctor. She's a legit doctor, but apparently she is nuts.
Yeah. Um, what do you got, Jamie?
What did she say? Okay. Summer reported that a 2000, uh,
2015 sermon that laid out a supposed Illuminati
plan hatched by a witch to destroy the world,
using abortion gay marriage and children's toys,
Amman among other things.
Emanuel claim that DNA from space aliens is currently being used in medicine.
She also offered prayers through her website to remove generational
curse is transmitted through placenta.
Yeah. Yeah. It seems legit. No, I see where she's coming from.
Yup. Address the video.
Hold on a second saying I think they're very respected doctors.
There was a woman who was spectacular. She was.
Spectacular PA center. I played muddy to hear him say placenta.
Of hydroxy, Corcoran. I happen to think it works in early stages.
So that's the problem. See when he says that,
and then the lady who believes in witchcraft says that like,
maybe it does work,
but the problem is a lady who believes in alien DNA and witchcraft generational
curse is transmitted through placenta.
It's children's toys. I mean, I've got kids now. I got to worry. I mean.
Which ones we do assume I'm going to go with Mr. Potato head.
Yeah. I mean, most of my kids,
basically now all we got around the house and Nerf guns. Right. And so like,
anytime, you're welcome.
Do you remember the pink Panther where you'd and he'd walked in the house and
then Kato would like leap on him. That's what it's like around my house.
Now you got to get popped in the air hole by a Nerf ball with a close range.
Cause you never know when they're going to sneak up on you and use these things.
And so, but that's about all we got anymore that, and uh, we,
we do have some Legos, so I'm hope she wasn't talking about Lego. If she's.
Talking about Legos, then we know she's really crazy.
Yeah. But I think, uh, to your point again, you know, part of this is,
it would be nice if, if, if the messaging from the white house was,
was better, let's face it on that. On a number of things.
We wouldn't have quite the chaos that we do right now. Well, he's basically.
Using the same strategy, used to be a famous person. You know, you know,
he says wacky. He speaks off the cuff. He doesn't care.
He doesn't have a filter and you can't, you just can't employ.
It seemed like you could do that and become president, but you can't do that.
And be president. Okay.